- You look tired.
The woman who is
dressed in silk,
pretending to be
your wife is...
the wicked woman
who killed you.
You were meant to be...
with the kind
servant girl...
with a burn scar
on her face.
You don't look so well.
Soo Ho.
Are you feeling okay?
What's wrong?
You look very out of it.
Do you still
have a headache?
No, I'm fine.
I came to
pick up some stuff.
I left some things behind.
I'm sorry to bother you
this late at night.
Please let me apologize...
on behalf of
Sharon's ignorance.
Let's go.
Come on.
You should wash up
and get some sleep.
Okay.
(Episode 16)
Did you feel anything odd
about Moon Soo Ho?
- No.
- I felt it.
Something about him
has changed.
Come to think about it,
it looked like
he did lose some weight.
Or maybe he gained some...
after he kicked you out.
Something is
definitely going on.
When confusion comes,
let it pass by.
Your beautiful moment is
right here and now.
Soo Ho.
What's important is that
you're with Hae Ra now.
Of course.
I know that.
Aunt Sook Hee.
Hey.
Did Mr. Moon
never come back home?
Or did he
just leave early?
I saw him leaving...
when I went to
use the bathroom.
Is he disappointed
about work?
I'm off to work.
Have some fruit
before you leave.
It's all yours.
That's 100,000 dollars.
Take this to
borrow that picture.
I thought
it wasn't for sale.
That's why I'm asking you
to borrow it.
Tell them I'll return it
in three days.
It seems like...
you'll rip it
once I bring it over.
Get going.
How much did you tell him?
Did you tell him that
you had killed them?
I told him everything.
Why did you when he
wouldn't believe it?
I told him
because he wouldn't.
I guess
it still bothered him.
Since he went to you
and talked about it.
I will...
die someday.
And you'll be lonely
alone.
You should find a way...
come into time.
Please.
It'll happen
once he becomes my man.
I will be able to age
and grow old.
That won't happen.
He...
started to remember me.
I know it.
It's not just your prayers
that get answered.
It's about time
my sorrow...
is answered.
If you...
play a trick on Soo Ho,
I won't let it slide.
Pay for my cup you broke.
There's nothing wrong.
You're good.
The results from your
last month's checkup...
are very good too.
I'm having headaches
all of a sudden.
The wound on your
forehead is all healed.
That wouldn't
cause a headache.
My ears are ringing,
and I'm hearing things.
Are you having
a lot of stress lately?
It must be stress.
Have something...
delicious for lunch
with someone you like.
And do some exercise
in the weekends.
Yes, Doctor.
This pizza is so good.
Have more
before it gets cold.
Your ring is pretty.
Are you sick?
I heard you went to
see a doctor.
How did you know?
I went to your office...
so I could
come here with you.
There's nothing wrong.
I'm very healthy.
You're a strong person.
Don't be stressed out.
Don't worry.
Everything will be fine.
It doesn't matter
if it doesn't,
because I have you.
You're right.
- Hae Ra.
- Yes?
Let's get married
in spring.
Why are you rushing it?
Then when would be good?
Like two years later?
Two years?
I should accomplish
something.
I should get
a promotion...
and go on overseas
business trips too.
You can do that
after you get married.
Do you think I'll stop you
from working?
No.
Well, you know,
I want to get prepared.
Let's take care of
your dad's case first,
then get married.
If that's what you want,
okay.
The prosecution will
reinvestigate the case.
Because the police
had been...
bribed by the construction
company.
Will Chairman Park be
called in as a testifier?
Yes. I'm going there
with a witness too.
Should I drop you off
at the travel agency?
No, at the subway station.
I have to
go to the gallery.
Okay.
Sharon Tailor hasn't
contacted you, right?
No.
Don't meet with her
even if she does.
We're almost ready.
We'll leave soon.
Yes. I got the message.
Thank you
for letting me observe.
Yes.
What are you doing here?
Sharon told me...
to rent this painting.
It'll be published on
an Archaeology Journal.
Okay. Then I'll see you
at your office, Professor.
Okay.
Jeom Bok.
I mean, Jang Bin.
Hello.
You're here again.
Can we talk for a moment?
I'm sorry, but I have to
go somewhere now.
Are you...
on your way to see
a document...
from Joseon Dynasty?
Yes, how did you know?
May I come with you?
I'm sorry.
It can't be shown
to the public yet.
Then...
give me just 10 minutes
of your time.
I have something
to tell you.
You won't regret it.
All right.
Let's go outside.
Could you bring me...
a mop or a spare chair?
He went to the parking lot
with a guest.
The parking lot?
Hello.
Haven't you ever seen...
Baek Hee do that?
I'm not trying to
scare you.
I showed you...
because you need to
believe me.
I am...
a bit different
from ordinary people.
I see.
We have more audience.
That's all right.
You will see...
a painting done by
Koo Jeom Bok,
your grandfathers'
grandfather's father.
a long story behind it,
and a letter of prayer.
He probably wrote a story
of a man and two women.
I will tell you
that story now.
If my story matches
the letter of prayer,
please do me a favor.
What would that be?
Tell me what's written on
Jeom Bok's prayer.
And...
let me see...
the document
with the story in person.
Okay, if your story
matches the document,
I'll let you see
the prayer...
and the document yourself.
About 230 years ago
from now,
there was a lady...
who was about to get
married to a noble family.
There was also
her servant...
who was supposed to make
her lady's wedding dress.
The lady burned her
servant's face...
with an iron for trying
the wedding dress on.
The groom mistook the
servant as his bride...
because she was
wearing the dress.
He swore that he'd
love her for all his life.
She's crazy.
I couldn't ask him
for the painting...
in that situation.
I enjoyed the old
fairytale instead.
She said such a story
came out from the grave?
Baek Hee
asked Jeom Bok...
to leave the story...
in a writing.
She's crazy.
Lady Seo Rin told others
her husband was Catholic,
and made Boon Yi
wear her clothes.
She drove her to a cliff.
She wanted Boon Yi to die.
But she endured it...
with the power of love.
She was stabbed
and lost her voice.
She traveled a long way
to see her lover.
But Lady Seo Rin went
blind out of jealousy...
and burned the two
to death.
She was then cursed
by Boon Yi.
You'll be a ghost...
who wanders around
this world forever.
She became a being...
who neither gets old
nor dies.
He was asked...
Please do it for me.
He was asked to record...
everything that happened.
Why didn't you go
to the office?
I couldn't go
back to work...
after seeing such a thing.
Have you never seen
a strong person?
You already heard the
story during my speech.
I want to wait
here with you and see...
if I can read the document
with my own eyes.
I didn't know you're
such a curious girl.
It feels strange.
How strange?
It's unbelievable
and flustering.
Do you feel like
the story is about you?
No, it's not that.
Will there be
that document for real?
I guess not since he has
not called me until now.
Don't worry,
and go back to work.
Chairman Park
suspects Mr. Jung.
It's the photo taken
at the night of the fire.
Mr. Jung has nothing to
do with the accident.
Well noted.
We'll look more into this.
- Mr. Han Myung Soo.
- Yes?
When you were the director
of the construction firm,
did the company bribe
someone...
to set a fire at the lab
on purpose?
I didn't know
at that time,
but I heard later on that
such a thing happened.
The one in charge of...
the development business
team passed away.
More details
can't be found.
So there is someone
who was bribed...
and set a fire on the lab.
That's what I heard.
What's the name
of that person?
Jang Chul Doo
took the money.
He was with three
previous convictions...
for theft and arson.
He died after
overdoing drugs...
five years ago.
There's no trace of
our money transaction.
No one can prove that.
It's not a small
amount of money.
What's the name
of that person?
I heard it's a man
named Jang Chul Doo.
Park Chul Min made a move
a bit faster than us.
We have enough
objective evidence,
so they won't fully trust
his testimony.
And...
Mr. Yoon will be there
as a testifier,
so don't worry too much.
All right.
You look tired.
Go home early today.
I'm okay.
Hello.
I'm sorry for visiting
here without any notice.
I thought I needed
to put an end.
I decided to support
the redevelopment.
Please return the
agreement that I signed.
Or destroy it
in front of me.
Mr. Han.
Okay.
I'll find it for you.
Please follow me.
The public hearing
was very amusing.
Good day.
That day,
what was it that
you told me again?
When?
The day you moved
out of my house.
That I was your love
in your previous life.
And that you have
to remember me...
and finish
our incomplete love.
Why did you say
such a thing to me?
Are you bothered by it?
I don't believe it,
but even if it
actually happened,
it won't change anything.
I love Hae Ra.
I'll spend the rest
of my life with her.
Don't say that to
me ever again.
No, don't come to
see me ever again.
I'll come to
retrieve it tomorrow.
Thank you.
Any good news?
You are looking
very lively.
I think my prayers are
about to come true.
Becky wants to see you.
She wants you
to come over.
Hae Ra,
I'll be late tonight.
Me too. I slacked off,
so I have to do overtime.
Don't be too late.
Okay.
Oh, and...
did you know that...
Ms. Jang is a bit special?
Why? Did something happen?
Yes.
What happened?
I'll tell you
at home later.
I hope
your work goes well.
Okay.
Come here,
and take a look.
(Lady Seo Rin became
blinded with jealousy...)
(and killed them
with fire.)
I knew it.
The answer was...
in Jeom Bok's prayer.
It was my parents
who gave birth to me.
But Boon Yi was the one
who gave me the light.
That's done.
- Hae Ra.
- Yes?
Have some.
Thanks.
What's with you?
She thought dearly
of a lowly man like me,
and hated to see
my talent go to waste.
Boon Yi was
so beautiful and kind.
Her life perished
in the hands of...
Choi Seo Rin, when her
fate changed with her.
I am in
grief and mourning.
I pray that...
she will be granted
to be born again...
to find her true love,
Lee Myung So, to live
happily ever after.
If Seo Rin does...
anything wicked
in their next lives,
let the mark of "A ghost
of the nether world"...
cover her body,
to protect the two people.
How dare that
lowly slave do this?
She must make
wedding gowns for them...
with a wholesome heart.
Myung So and Boon Yi
must get married...
for Seo Rin
to purify her sins.
That is when she will
finally rest in peace.
How dare he do this to me?
There is strong energy
with this prayer.
You cannot do anything
wicked anymore, Sharon.
My desperate heart...
will win against
that petty slave's.
Please stop!
Why is nobody on my side?
Why?
Ms. Jang, what's
going on?
[Kocowa Ver] E16 Black Knight "One Last Wish"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Sharon!'
Become a ghost of
the nether world...
that wanders around
on this earth.
What's wrong, Hae Ra?
Did you just hear that?
Hear what?
Seo Rin.
Are you okay? Gosh.
Please. I'm sorry.
I am sorry. Please stop.
Stop.
Please forgive us.
Shouldn't you go
to a hospital...
What will you do now?
Why just me?
Ms. Jang.
This picture...
is true.
(Lady Seo Rin
killed them with fire.)
(Lady Seo Rin burned
Boon Yi's face...)
(when she tried on
her wedding garment.)
You can...
wear this for a while.
Let's make them...
a wedding dress
and a dress suit.
After you pick out fabric
and start sewing,
these letters will
go away.
Once they get married,
your punishment
will be over.
If I can't have him,
what's the point of
entering time?
It'll...
put an end to your pain.
Because you'll grow old
and die.
Everything is...
true.
Myung So was
Seo Rin's husband.
And Seo Rin killed
Myung So and Boon Yi.
And as a punishment,
she's alive until now.
It's up to you
to believe it or not.
If you want to forget
about tonight,
I'll help you forget it.
No.
Give me some time.
It all started
with me...
because I switched
the babies.
Please forgive me.
And...
could you please
have mercy upon her...
so she could be released
from her immortal curse?
And get married in
Sharon's suit?
I don't want to, ma'am.
Ma'am.
I will ask for
Hae Ra's forgiveness too.
And could you please...
think of all the prayers
I have made for you,
and do this one favor
for me?
I will.
Thank you.
I won't tell Hae Ra...
about what happened
tonight.
You came home late.
Come here.
Did something happen?
Thank you.
I love you, Hae Ra.
Did you drink?
Let's do as you wish.
It doesn't matter...
if we get married
in 2 years or 10 years.
All I need is you
beside me.
I gave it
some thought too.
Let's get married
next year.
But take wedding pictures
sooner...
before we get any older.
Okay.
They say taking
wedding pictures is fun.
Let's do it
right away then.
Should we get
a wedding dress...
from that shop
we went before?
I'll prepare my suit
and your wedding dress...
from a nice place.
From where?
I'll tell you later.
I'm serious. It was
an awesome dream.
I'll buy a lottery ticket.
What will you do
if you win?
I'll buy this house...
and collect rent from you.
I hope you win.
I'll pay a lot of rent.
You look so much
better today.
She's right.
Lately, you seemed
really tired.
I think it's because
she had an awesome dream.
Okay, then...
I'll sleep 20 hours a day,
and dream a lot of
awesome dreams.
Eat some more.
It was really shocking.
I was totally shocked.
A woman who can do
martial arts is cool.
You should learn
from Ms. Jang.
Should I?
She also predicted
what kind of writing...
would be found
from a grave.
She studied history
a lot,
so she can
talk about such stuff.
Jang Bin hasn't
called yet,
so it must've been
about something different.
Never mind it.
See you tonight.
- Hae Ra.
- Yes?
Aren't you forgetting
something?
- Have a good day.
- That's not it.
Have a good day.
Bye.
(Subpoena to Testify)
Father.
I've received
subpoenas before.
It's nothing.
As you run your business,
you'll receive a few too.
Don't worry about it.
(Subpoena to Testify)
Why did you get something
like this?
I don't know also.
I don't have to go, do I?
I'm so scared to go.
Did Soo Ho find out
about the text you sent?
Why would that matter?
Does he know?
Why did you do that?
That only made you
suspicious.
I'll just say I did
something stupid...
because I loved you.
How about that?
That'll work, right?
Look at me.
I don't look like someone
who'd forge a scheme.
Be quiet. Let me think.
Do you want to
break up with me?
Yes.
I want to stop dating
an idiot like you.
Your father
set the lab on fire.
Your father killed
Hae Ra's dad too.
I'll tell the prosecution
everything.
What are you
talking about?
Let me go.
That was a lie.
- Hello.
- Hae Ra.
Your promotion...
Congratulations!
- Congrats.
- Congratulations!
Goodness.
Thank you.
You know it's all thanks
to me. Be grateful.
Congratulations, Hae Ra.
Congratulations.
- Good job, Hae Ra.
- Thank you.
Let's have
a team dinner tonight.
I'll treat you all
to dinner today.
- Yes!
- Make it beef.
- Beef.
- She's buying.
How exciting.
I can't wait.
Great.
- Sir.
- Yes?
Are you going too?
Am I not?
Don't stick your nose in
at times like this.
What do you mean? I'll
treat our eighth round.
Make sure you come, sir.
See?
I'll go work outside then.
All right, see you later.
- Bye.
Be careful with cars.
- Are you insane?
- I'm still going.
It's gone.
(Blacksmith's)
Hello.
I brought the data
which you asked for.
Thank you.
Soo Ho.
Congratulations.
Congratulations,
Assistant Manager Jung.
Thank you.
I'm having
a team dinner tonight.
Then I'll send you
10 bottles of wine.
Go have some real fun.
And I found a studio that
takes good wedding photos.
When should we do it?
After I lose
some more weight.
After about a week?
Okay. Let me hug
you one more time.
Focus on your work, guys.
You're getting a call.
Get back to work now.
I'll see you at home.
Get to work. Bye.
Hello?
Your wedding suit
and dress are complete.
When will you
come pick them up?
I'll stop by this evening.
Please forget about
the other night.
Forget about
everything now.
I'm sorry.
I'll see you later.
Congratulations
on your wedding.
What do you think?
Do you like them?
When is your wedding?
We haven't decided
on that yet.
We're taking
wedding photos first.
That's also good.
Please try it on.
How pretty.
Venues like this one
must be expensive.
What are you doing?
We might be late for
the team dinner. Let's go.
Okay, let's go.
- Are you done?
- Yes.
I neither get old nor die.
I can do everything...
if it's not for
the fatal weakness...
that I love you.
Please don't do that.
This will be the last.
I'm giving up on you.
I'm sorry for everything.
I was your wife,
but why can't I
be loved until the end?
Why can't I have
you either?
Let's not talk about it.
I guess some things
can never be done.
Hae Ra, let me pour
you one more drink.
- Thank you.
- One more drink.
You need to drink wine
in a beer glass.
Right.
Congratulations, Hae Ra.
We had so much beef
thanks to you today.
It's great.
I hope you get promoted...
to a team manager
and a chief director too.
- Thank you.
- No.
Women can't reach a
chief director position...
because of marriage,
childcare, and stuff.
What nonsense are
you talking about?
I'm working so hard to
become a chief director.
I'm going for it.
- Me too.
Women in our company
are too strong-minded.
I'll get you a designated
driver, so go home.
- Assistant Manager Jung.
- Yes?
What's that ring?
It's a secret.
You heard her, right?
It's a secret that
Mr. Moon gave it to her.
Everyone, it's a secret.
Don't even mention
his name.
Do you want a dish
of octopus?
- Let's get that.
- Another dish.
You have to go home
after this one.
Okay.
Please...
kill me with this knife.
Come to your senses,
Seo Rin.
If you stab me,
I think I can end
this painful life.
Do it for me.
I don't want to
do anything for you.
I'm wearing this suit
for Ms. Jang's sake.
You used to be
a very warm husband.
You probably
didn't love me,
but you didn't
hate me either.
We were a great couple.
That's the past
only you remember.
I do not have
such a memory.
Just...
kill me.
Move that knife.
And get
a hold of yourself.
Then just leave.
I will stab myself.
Now that I gave you two
those garments,
I will grow old now.
Very lonely,
as I always have been.
Sounds great.
Both Hae Ra and I will
never see you again.
I know you don't love me.
But can you pity me and
hold me in your arms?
Like our old days?
No.
You are too harsh on me.
Can't you just
hug me once?
I will wait...
until you are born again
as a man who'll love me.
This wine is great.
Do you know anything
about wine?
This is...
(Hae Ra)
Hae Ra.